
1. There are number of students. For every student roll (unique), name is to be
stored. For each subject, subject code and name is to be stored. A student can
opt for number of subjects. System should be able to maintain student list,
subject list and will be able to answer: i) which student has selected which
subjects and ii) for a subjects who are the students.
Design the classes and implement. For list consider memory data structure.

2. In a library, for each book book-id, serial number (denotes copy number of a
book), title, author, publisher and price are stored. Book-id and serial number
together will be unique identifier for a book. Members are either student or
faculty. Each member has unique member-id. Name, e-mail, address are also to
be stored. For any transaction (book issue or return), members are supposed to
place transactions slip. User will submit member-id, book-id, and serial number
(only for book return). While processing a transaction, check the validity of the
member. While issuing, availability of a copy of the book is to be checked. While
returning a book, it is to be checked whether this copy was issued to the member
or not. A student member can have 2 books issued at a point of time. For faculty
members it is 10. Transaction information is to be stored like date of transaction,
member-id, book-id, serial number, returned or not. An entry is made when book
is issued and updated when the book is returned.
Design the classes and implement. For list consider memory data structure.

3. Employee has unique emp-id, name, designation and basic pay. An employee is
either a permanent one or contractual. For permanent employee salary is
computed as basic pay+ hra (30% of basic pay) + da (80% of basic pay). For
contractual employee it is basic pay + allowance (it is different for different
contractual employee). An employee pointer may point to either of the two
categories and accordingly the salary has to be created.
Design the classes and implement.

4. Each cricketer has name, date of birth and matches played. Cricketer may be a
bowler or batsman. For a bowler, number of wickets taken, average economy is
stored. For a batsman, total runs scored, average score is stored. A double
wicket pair is formed taking a bowler and a batsman. An all-rounder is both a
bowler and batsman. Support must be there to show the details of a cricketer,
bowler, batsmen, all-rounder and the pair.
Design the classes and implement.